Language and conciseness updates (#5)
AMWA-TV/bcp-006-04: docs/NMOS With MPEG TS.md

The Source is therefore unaffected by the use of MPEG TS or the encapsulated content.

### Flows
The Flow resource **MUST** indicate `video/MP2T` in the `media_type` attribute, and `urn:x-nmos:format:mux` for the `format`, as defined in the [IS-04 Flow Mux Schema][Flow-Mux-Schema]

An example Flow resource is provided in the [Examples](../examples/).

## MPEG TS IS-04 Senders and Receivers

> IS-04 MPEG TS capable Senders and Receivers **MUST** use transports defined in the [Transports][Transports-Registry] parameter registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IS-04 MPEG TS capable Senders and Receivers **MUST** use IS-05 permitted transports.
```

- [Transport Bit Rate][Cap-Transport-Bit-Rate]
    
An example Receiver resource is provided in the [Examples](../examples/).
## MPEG TS IS-05 Senders and Receivers
All transport types capable of carrying MPEG TS streams **MAY** be used. Connection Management follows IS-05 for the indicated transport type. 

> For example, RTP **MUST** signal `urn:x-nmos:transport:rtp` as transport type, and **MUST** provide all manadatory elements of the IS-05 [RTP Transport Schema][RTP-Transport-Schema], or as defined in the transports registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the case of RTP Senders and Receiver **MUST** signal `urn:x-nmos:transport:rtp` or one of its subclasifications as the transport type, and **MUST** be compliant with the IS-05 requirements for the RTP transport [RTP Transport Schema][RTP-Transport-Schema].
```

> For transports requiring an SDP, such as RTP, the sender **MUST** publish this at the **/transportfile** end-point and **MUST** comply with the IS-05 usage guidelines for the specific transport and [RFC 4566][RFC-4566]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For transports requiring an SDP, such as RTP, the sender **MUST** publish this at the **/transportfile** end-point and **MUST** comply with the IS-05 usage guidelines for the specific transport and [RFC 4566][RFC-4566].
```
